So, I used to be quite anti-AII. [music]
I used to think it was bit of a gimmick.
It's not really going to help with much.
It's all hype basically. But in the last
few months, a lot has actually changed.
[music] And I've actually never felt so
excited to use AI. And it's well because
[music]
of one tool, and that's Claude. To be
fair, the same can apply to other AI
tools, but Claude is just the one that I
happen to be using. I first gave it a
whirl back in September [music] and used
it for some basic stuff like building a
photography website from a folder of
photos. [music] But over the last few
months, things have gotten out of hand
and that's what's made it so exciting
[music] to use for me personally. By the
way, I'll leave a link to my sort of
stack that I'm using when it comes to
building stuff. All the apps, all the
softwares, my workflow and stuff. I'll
leave a link to that if you guys are
interested as well. I do want to give
some background context though. I am not
a developer. I don't aim to be a
developer. I don't like coding really.
I've done some coding here and there,
but I'm no programmer. I feel like no
way would I call myself a programmer. I
see myself as someone who likes to use
graphical user interface. I like visual
stuff. It's why [music] I consider
myself a designer instead. But using
Claude, I've started doing silly things
that you probably shouldn't do, but I
just feel like I don't really care
because I'm not doing it with anything
that's too valuable. One of those things
is [music] sshing into my VPS with
Claude, giving it a prompt, and then
just letting it do its thing, which
seems to be quite a common thing that a
lot of developers are doing because if
you don't care too much about what's on
the VPS or you're using a sort of test
VPS or something like that, yeah, sshing
into it and just using Claude and
letting it rip is some of the most fun.
Half a year ago, opening the terminal
would have felt like I'm hacking into
the matrix. It was just so intimidating.
I've been designing web pages and stuff
when people were just starting in apps
like Photoshop. Now though, the terminal
has become one of my favorite apps of
choice for design bizarrely. The great
thing is if you don't like using the
terminal, Claude actually now have a
sort of code tap in their Mac app which
lets you build stuff without having to
use terminal. It just looks like a
normal sort of chat prompting app. But
let's go back a bit because the first
thing I wanted to do with Claude was to
make a sort of Zapia make alternative.
Yeah, I know. What the hell was I even
thinking? [music] Because that building
something like that is just absurd.
Like, it's silly to try. However, Claude
recommended using NA10. [music] I'd
never heard of NA10 before. And boy, I
wish I had because NA10 is essentially a
sort of automation workflow platform
that has superpowers. [music]
You can use it to basically automate
anything and everything. And what drew
me to it was that they have a
self-hosted version, which is even
better. I have full control of it, and I
only pay for the hosting. After a lot of
research and actually asking Claude,
"How should I host this thing?" They
recommended Hostinger, which lines up
perfectly because they're also
sponsoring this video. N810 is so
popular that Hostinger literally have a
dedicated workflow for installing N810.
Like, it's by far the easiest way
possible. So, when you go to the
Hostinger website, you go to services in
the top left, you can see [music] all
these different things, but you can also
see self-hosted NA10. When you click on
it, you can see the different pricing
and stuff they have. They have a bunch
of deals [music] here. KVM2 is the one I
personally went for and it's the one
that I'm using it for because [music] my
workflows right now are quite limited.
So, if I do need to upgrade in the
future, I can. But KVM2 is the [music]
one that made sense for me. So, you can
choose the plan. You can go through the
whole registration and payment
processing, but you can also use the
code [music] olia 10 and that will give
you 10% off it as well. So, it brings it
down to $150 for a 2-year plan, which is
[music] just absolute bargain. I did a
ton of research trying to find actually
one of the cheapest ways to do it and
hosting ended up being one of the
cheapest ways to do And then once it's
installed, you can simply just open it
and then I can just go through the whole
setup process of setting N810 up. It's
really that easy, that quick. Like it
literally takes less than five minutes.
It's unbelievable how quick hosting have
made it. And the great thing is it
doesn't have to stop there. I can
install other things on it like open
claw or any other sort of Docker apps
that I like and use claw to manage them,
whatever, login through terminal and
just have it all managed. Like I don't
have to worry about it. It's super easy.
That's the great thing about having a
VPS. You can sort of do whatever you
like with it and self-host it,
self-manage it. I'll leave an affiliate
link below and my coupon code so you can
get 10% off as well. The great thing
about using Claude code with my VPS as
well is that when I'm stuck or there's
something that doesn't work or I've
broken [music] something, I can have
Claude just manage the whole thing for
me. I don't really have to learn server
management when Claude is my server
manager. Once I installed NA10, I
started asking Claude, "Hey, what are
some other things that I could sort of
self-host?" And I was looking for a sort
of Google Analytics uh alternative
because Google Analytics to me is just
so bloated. There's just so much going
on. [music] And I came across Plausible
Analytics and they have a self-hosted
version as well. But I thought, okay,
let's take this a step further. Instead
of even using hosting as sort of um
manager for managing the VPS, [music]
could I just log in with Claude and then
have it install Plausible for me? And
yeah, it just did it. A couple minutes
later, I had an instance of Plausible
running and I could start using it and
installing it on my websites and
tracking all the analytics. It just blew
my mind because I would have never have
done anything like this in the past. I'm
a complete beginner. I'm a complete
noob. I don't really know this stuff.
Yet, here I am with the VPS with both
NA10 and Plausible installed 6 months
ago. Honestly, I would have given
[music] up if I came across any minor
issue. What I had been doing at the
beginning when using Claudet is that I
was just winging my way through all of
it. However, [music]
I did come up with the realization that
if I want to build actual websites
[music] and apps, I need to have a
system. But doing things the proper way
also just seemed archaic and slow. I
just wanted to prompt [music] and refine
and build something. So, I came across
an app called Conductor, [music] which I
like to see as a sort of juiced up
terminal, a nicer looking terminal. You
can connect your LLM of choice. So,
whether you're using include or whether
you're using Codex, it doesn't really
matter. You can use whatever you [music]
like. And on the left you have your sort
of repost. In the middle you have your
chat interface. And then on the right
you can see [music] the sort of your
files what's been changed. You can
review and also you can see the terminal
as well. [music] All of this in this one
app. It just looks so much cleaner than
just using the terminal. I found for me
personally [music] this has been the
most enjoyable way for me to make stuff
and also make sure [music] that I'm I
have some sort of system in place. Bad
habit that I used to have in the past is
that when I did build stuff I didn't
back it up to GitHub. I didn't have
versioning or anything like that.
[music] Now with this, I can do all of
that and just let it automate it. I can
even take it a step further. So anything
I build locally and [music] then upload
it to GitHub, I can then connect my
GitHub to Hostinger and Hostinger can
deploy anything that I build. Like for
me, that was a holy crap moment because
that's when I came to the realization I
can automate this whole workflow and
[music] I don't really have to do
anything apart from prompt. It's just
crazy. Now the hard part is actually
just making something good. At least
it's not as unhinged as before where I
was just sort of putting stuff straight
into a VPS. Now that I have the system
in place with conductor hosting and and
GitHub and everything and all of it sort
of working in harmony, it's great
because everything just works. Once I'd
learned the ropes, I thought, okay,
let's try and build something proper. So
I actually ended up building a website
called Digital Creator Club. And it's
basically a website that has a payw
wall, a login. It can help sort of
connect buyers to their Discord and it
has a sort of nice membership card as
well. I would have never have been able
to build something like this in the past
because it's just a bit too custom. I
would have had to sort of hack things
together, use out of the box solutions,
use other softwares or whatever. But
with clawed code, I was able to build
something the way I want and have it
completely custom and also add things if
I want to. I can add new features. I can
add new functionality, which is what I'm
planning to do over the next however
many months and years. What's crazy is
that in the first week of launching
Digital Creator [music] Club, it made
nearly $20,000,
which just blows my mind. I can't
believe that many people bought the the
sort of membership, the club. I'm going
to [music] be adding a bunch of stuff
for it. You guys can check it out or not
check it out. Doesn't really matter. But
yeah, I think it's a good example of
something that I built with [music]
Claude. It honestly blows my mind that a
year ago, I was barely using AI. mainly
because most of the people that were
sort of using AI and the sort of stuff
that I'd hear about it, people were
doing things like rewriting things like
emails and essays and so on. That
[music] functionality just didn't really
interest me. But now that I can use it
to sort of build actual software and
apps and websites and automate things,
I've realized my capabilities [music] to
make money with Claw Code has just
absolutely exploded. And that's what I'm
focusing on now. I want to build stuff.
I want to make stuff. I want to do stuff
where it can help me make money. That's
the whole point of this channel, why I
make videos on this channel, because I'm
trying to figure out different ways to
make money, different solutions, and
just sort of share my process and story
along the way. Check out this other
video I did on high income skills for
2026, what I think is worth learning,
and also how I made $50,000 from selling
iPhone wallpapers, which just still
blows my mind. I can't believe I made
that much money.